I don't know whether to use charm person or hold monster!
(Sung) There once was the ugliest fellow I knew, with his face twisted up and of horrid hue, but now he's taken second place, now that I have glimpsed your face!
You're the reason baby gnomes cry!
Ugh. What the hell is that all over your face? Oh...it's just your face!
I've seen more threatening geckos!
Beauty is in the eye of the Beholder...which is what you look like. A Beholder.
I'm glad you're tall...It means there's more of you I can despise!
Hey, have you ever been mistaken for a (insert)
Some day you'll meet a doppelganger of yourself and be disappointed!
You're lucky to be born beautiful, unlike me, who was born to be a liar!
I could say you're as ugly as an ogre, but that would be an insult to ogres!
You are uglier than puking upwards.
I'm tempted to just cast Darkness on you so I don't have to look at you. 
You look like the armpit of an unshaven bog hag!
You look like a scab on a troll's wart!
No loot is worth having to look at you!
There is no beholder's eye in which you are beautiful!
Your ugly face makes a good argument against raising the dead!
When your god put teeth in your mouth, he ruined a perfectly good asshole!
You look like your mother, and your mother, looks like your father!
Could you go get your husband, I don't like fighting ugly women!
Did your mother cast a darkness spell to feed you!
No wonder you're hiding behind cover, I'd hide too with a face like that!
Do you have a pen? Well you'd better get back to it before the farmer knows you are missing!
Quick grab some fire...no wait, it's ok, it's not an actual troll!
Were you once hit by a melf's acid arrow or have you always looked like a half eaten marrow!
By looking at you, now I know what you get when you scrape out the bottom of the barrel!
I wish I still had that blindness spell, then I wouldn't have to endure that face anymore!
I was wondering what you are, you're fat enough to be an ogre, but I've never seen an ogre THAT ugly before!
By the gods your ugly, I bet your father regrets not pulling out when he had the chance!
Do you know, that if you were at a party surrounded by female zombies, the only thing you'd pull is a hamstring!
Wait, so you're the manifestation of a divine being of supreme power and malevolence, and you chose that face? Do they even have mirrors on your plane of existence!
Green skin was sooo last season!
You are uglier than a dead toad with measles!
Ooh, new monster! Oh, no sorry, it's just an ugly one.
Ahhh a hideous fiend! Oh wait no, you're just ugly.
You’re the Biggest Kobold I’ve ever seen.
Damn, you're ugly enough to be collecting warlock autographs
I don't know whether to charm person or beast!
If you had any more teeth... you'd have one!
I'm not saying your fat, but when I just cast levitate you're somehow immune!
Look at that gentlemen, we've found the ugliest whore in the brothel!
The only thing uglier than your outfit is your face!
I'm not saying you're fat, but you'd ride a horse rather less well than another horse would!
You are like a wench whose natural gifts were paltry!
Aw, did someone leave your cage open!
Hi. I don't think I've ever met someone who would look better if they took an acid arrow to the face!
You look like your face was on fire, and someone tried to put it out with a pick axe!
I can't tell, is that muscle or fat?
Hey, you pox ridden dung heap, I bet not even a starving vampire would go near you!
Even evard's black tentacles wouldn't touch something as gross as you!
Would you like me to remove that curse? Oh my mistake, you were just born that way!
If I were you, I'd go and get my money back for that remove curse spell!
Tell me, did you run away from your parents, or did they run away from you!
I envy people that have never met you!
I'd call you breeding stock, but even farm animals have standards!
Even trolls find you repulsive!
What demon did your mother consort with to have you!
You look like you've blown a goat, I kid you not!
So, if the Gods are responsible for all creation, what kind of fucked up off day did they have to make you!
Learn from your father's mistake, become a eunuch!
So, is it true the blind tarts by the docks turned you down!
I would use my sword on you but I don't want any shit on it!
I wish you were clean enough to spit on you.
If you were any more inbred you'd be a sandwich!
You look like you were poured into your clothes but someone forgot to say "when" to stop!
I'm not sure Prestidigitation is powerful enough to clean you up
is there no more room in the abyss for you?
You're like a dragon, only shit!
I swear, if you were any worse at this, you'd be doing our job for us!
You're like a trained ape, only, without the training!
Well, my time of not taking you seriously is coming to a middle!
Ah, I see the serfs got a hold of the weapons again!
A wet cat is tougher than you!
A goblin with one hand nailed to a tree would be more of a threat than you!
OMG. Why don't you give me your weapon so I can hit myself with it, because that'd be more effective than you trying it!
You call that an attack, I've seen dead kittens hit harder than that!
You're like the plague except a plague can kill!
Very impressive, I think I'll hire you out for children's parties!
You're like a gnome on stilts, real cute, but it's not working!
I'd say you were a worthy opponent, but I once fought a flumph wielding a dandelion!
If this fight gets any harder, I'll have to switch it up to folk music!
In a country where anyone can be anything, I will never understand why you chose to be mediocre!
I'd draw my rapier, but I wouldn't want to make you jealous!
You remind me of a pet I owned once. Weak, lazy, and unintelligent.
The god of futile fights appreciates your devotion.
You're a disappointment to your ancestors!
Your fighting stance looks like an unfolded lawn chair!
I'm afraid, sir, you are experiencing delusions of adequacy!
I've heard of schoolgirls with better fighting skills than you!
You do know the pointy end is suppose to go in the other guy, right!
You spell like a barbarian! Spell! I said spell! (against a caster/magic user)
You have the dexterity of a rhino! And only half the looks!
Oh such a big sword. You compensating for something!
Just how many wands of enfeeblement do you have shoved up your ass!
Well, now I know what the opposite of awesome is!
You swing like a halfling!
I'm sorry, we were looking for an actual fight, have you seen one?
If you are going to behave like a barbarian, you could at least learn to fight like one!
Everyone is allowed to make a mistake now and then, but I feel you're abusing the privilege!
There are more holes in your capabilities than in Dwarven cheese!
You have all the grace of an antelope. A pregnant antelope, but an antelope nonetheless!
You call that an attack. My great grandmother could do better than that and she's dead!
The only foe you've dropped is my expectations!
You have so many weapons, yet so little skill!
I didn't think anyone could be wholly incompetent, but I stand corrected!
Congratulations! You're a failure.
At this rate, I will die from old age before you kill me. 
Okay, you may attack now. Wait, that WAS your attack?
Trying to make the party laugh is supposed to be my job, not yours
What smells worse than a goblin? Oh yeah, you!
Your magic is as bad as your breath!
Your Breath would put an otyugh off it's breakfast!
What's that smell? I thought breath weapons were supposed to come out of your mouth!
OMG. And I thought troglodytes smelt bad!
Phew! Have you just cast stinking cloud or do you always smell like that!
What smells worse than a dead goblin? A live one!
You're so pungent, sewers are masked by your stench.
Ugh. I never thought I'd miss the smell of dwarf! Congratulations. You've gone nose deaf.
Sorry, I prefer not to argue with someone whose breath smells like ass!
Ahh. That explains the smell!
Your stench is incredible, you make even paladins wretch.
Stand back please, the last time I smelled breath so bad, I was facing a green dragon!
You smell so foul that when you die you'll end up mummified because not even your microbes will dare eat your corpse!
Your mother takes up more tiles than a gelatinous cube!
You are the worst example of your class that I've ever come across!
Animal friendship was the only way your parents could get puppies to play with you!
Do you know what happens to a (insert) when it fails it's save? Neither do I, but based on what happened to your comrade, my money's on 'dies horribly'!
Charisma was OBVIOUSLY your dump stat!
Your challenge rating has to be in the negatives.
You are so damn clumsy your 0 level spells are called willtrips!
Your lack of personal hygiene doesn't require a perception check!
You are irrelevant to the main plotline!
You are a one dimensional character that lacks even a generic backstory!
You aren't being the person Mr. Rodgers thought you could be!
You monolog like a subpar 60's Batman villain!
Your doomsday device looks like it was built by ikea!
If I knew darkvision meant I still had to look at your ugly mug at night I'd have rolled human!
It takes you a whole day to cook minute rice!
When you fail your next attack roll, think of me!
What depraved DM thought up YOU?!
Doesn't anybody know not to make Constitution their dump stat?!
I thought every humanoid had enough intelligence to have an alignment.
You look so bad you give others exhaustion automatically.
Go back to CR 0 where you belong!
A Wild Magic Sorcerer has better control than you!
Someday, you'll go far and I hope you stay there!
Your very existence is an insult to all!
Whomever is willing to have sex with you, is just too lazy to jerk off!
If I wanted to hear something from an asshole, I'd fart!
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't get my head that far up my arse!
Stop me if you've heard this one. The sole purpose of your existence is to serve as a speed bump on others path to greatness - okay you definitely should of stopped me by now!
Why don't you summon yourself some real friends!
You must be thrilled that you can bring joy to everyone in a room by such a simple act of leaving it!
Gentleman, we're in luck. Normally a man must pay admission for such entertainment!
Sir, I would insult you, but mother nature has beaten me to the punch!
Somewhere out there is a tree, tirelessly producing oxygen so you can breathe. I think you owe it an apology!
Believe in yourself because no one else does!
Well, I hear you're quite the investigator. Been looking into anything lately, apart from glory hole's!
You plebeian wretch!
You're going to make an excellent belt!
On a scale of 1 - 10, you're proper screwed!
One day I'm going to make a ballad of this fight. Tell me your name, I hope it rhymes with horribly slaughtered!
Didn't there used to be like twice as many of you guys? What's up with that, huh!
Wait, wait, I just need to ask, what do you need us to put on your headstone!?
Do you even have a name? You are so dead.
Do you even have a last name? Hahaha didn't think so!
Call the undertaker, if you're lucky you'll get a bulk rate!
I've seen fungi with more charm!
Is this really how you pictured your life turning out?
Insults about dumb they are
It gives me a headache just trying to think down to your level!
You're not a complete idiot...Some parts are obviously missing!
Are you always stupid, or are you making a special effort today!
I'd like to leave you with one thought...but I'm not sure you have anywhere to put it!
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person alive!
Well...I have met sharper loaves of bread!
I'm guessing you're one of those idiot savants I keep hearing about, apart from the savant part!
If your brain exploded, it wouldn't even mess up your hair!
Your brains are drier than the leftover hardtack at the end of a journey.
Somewhere, Your depriving a village of it's idiot!
You're so stupid, if an illithid tried to eat your brain, it would starve to death!
Huh? I didn't cast Feeblemind yet.
I was going to cast detect thoughts, but I don't think I'm going to find anything up there!
You're not even intelligent enough to understand my words.
I was thinking of casting feeblemind, but I doubt it would work on you!
I've received more witty banter from zombies!
your wits are even duller than your blade
If stupidity ever becomes valuable, people would be fighting over your brain!
If only your talent for conversation matched your urge to do so!
Sir, I regret all the insults that I may throw at you. Half will be too kind, and the rest you probably won't understand!
I'll explain, and I'll use small words so that you are sure to understand!
I'd teach you some manners, but I doubt you are capable of learning them!
Your mouth is like the door of a brothel whenever you open it someone gets fucked up.
If a mindflayer ever attacks us you're safe!
Look at that gentlemen, it can speak common!
If I throw you some peanuts, would you do a trick!
I've washed more brains off my weapon than there is in your head!
I see you're so dumb you're convinced that you'll somehow succeed where better have failed.
I'd say you were dropped on your head as a child, but "thrown" seems like a more fitting word!
Fresh from illithids, are we?
I would challenge you to a battle of wits, but I hate to fight against an unarmed opponent!
I'd say you're as dumb as a rock, but rocks offer better conversation!
You're as dumb as an ogre and half as charming!
Your stupidity would give an illithid indigestion!
You’re so dense, light bends around you!
I don't think you're stupid, I'm guessing you just have bad luck when you think!
Now we know who the spare is!
Isn't it rather dangerous to use one's entire vocabulary in a single sentence!
(After using Prestidigitation to make your breath appear cold), you say I see dumb people!
It's pointless to make fun of you because it will take you the rest of the day to figure out!
You act as if stupidity is a virtue!
You couldn't pour water out of a boot with the instructions on the heel!
Why don't you go lick a branch or whatever a dumb ass like you does in private!
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth!
have you see a big stupid thing around here? I seem to have lost mine
Insults about Lame/Insignificant They Are
You would bore the legs off a village idiot!
I can tell your reservoir of courage is fed by the tributary running down your leg!
Who are you again? 
Sorry, I don't remember ordering a drink, serving boy. You should go back into the kitchen!
You lack the spine and testicular fortitude to be much of a challenge to me!
You aren't important enough for a specific insult!
How does it feel that you're not worthy of anyone casting a decent spell on you!
I'm glad your sister/wife let you off the chain long enough to come out to play!
I'd call you a pile of dung, but you lack both the depth and the warmth!
I think you should see a healer and ask for a prescription for some balls!
Anyone who told you to be yourself couldn't of given you worse advice!
Well you found your life's purpose. A warning to others!
Insults about Family
Your mother's so ugly, folk turn to stone just incase they might happen to catch a glimpse of her face!
Your momma's so ugly, clerics try to turn her!
Are you a half orc crossed with a pig? Oh yeah, there are some things a pig wouldn't do!
I would contact your mother about your death, but I don't speak goblin!
Your mother was a kobold and your father smelled of elderberries!
I'd insult your parents, but you probably don't know who they are!
I heard what happened to your mother, it's not everyday your reflection kills you!
I would try to insult your father, but you were probably mistaken for a half orc, and disowned!
What's the difference between a troll and your mother? One's a stinking ugly monster, and the other is a troll!
Your mother was so stupid, zombies made her a dunce hat!
Your mother is so fat that making a joke here would detract from the seriousness of her condition!
What's the difference between a dragon and a mallard with a cold? One's a sick duck and I forget the punchline, but your mother's a whore!
I think I bedded your mother and your sister. How quaint that they are the same person!
Your mother is about to become a nameless stray dog!
How does it feel to know you'll never be the man your mother was!
Your mother is disappointed in you.
Your mother is so ugly she'd make a sea hag die of horror!
Lay down your arms....just like your mother last night!
I'd insult your mother, but you were insult enough!
You look FAR too much like your granddad!
Your mothers a great lay, but you'd know that already, wouldn't you!
So does failure run in your family!
You couldn't hit the broad side of your mother's ass!
I hear your mother died falling from a flying broom, so I'm guessing you live your life the same as your mother does in death. An unrecognisable roadside feature!
I'm guessing you weigh 50lbs while wet, which is the same as your sister when you found her drowned in her own cauldron!
I don't know what cursed thing your mother slept with under a full moon, but she owes us all an apology!
You look like your father would be disappointed in you if he stayed!
How the **** are you the sperm that won?
You adopted stepchild of a cauliflower!
We all make mistakes, I'm sure your parents are good people!
You make an easy target, just like your mother!
Ugh. What the he'll is that all over your face? Oh...its just your face!
You are the feces that is created when shame eats too much stupidly!
Your mother was a kobold and your father smelled of elderberry!
Some day you'll go far and I hope you stay there!
You're lucky to be born beautiful, unlike me, who was born to be a big liar!
So, you're a half (insert), was your mother a spider or is your ass naturally that huge!
Oh look, both your weapons are tiny!
Wow, that's a fat ass. I guess those behind you are gaining cover for this fight!
You are maggot pie served from a dwarf's codpiece!
You look like your mother, and, your mother looks like your father!
What's that smell? I thought breath weapons were suppose to come out of your mouth!
We're you once hit by a melf's acid arrow or have you always looked like a half eaten marrow!
They say every rose has its thorn, ain't that right, buttercup!
Stop me if you've heard this one. The sole purpose of your existence is to serve as a speedbump on others path to greatness - okay you definitely should of stopped me by now!
Wait, wait, I just need to ask, what do you need us to put on your headstone!